https://codepen.io/Danialhadavi/pen/ZEGbbOL?editors=1100
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Its the use of HTML markup to reinforce meaning of information in HTML file.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Its used for creating a web page
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    attributes give us additional information about an element we always put in start tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    its used for the most information on a web page, only use once on a page
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img tag and anchor tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    metadata
    7. What is an id? 
    a unique identifier which is used to specify the document in HTML
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any HTML elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
     none
    10. What is a class? 
    an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    all the elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    as many times as we want 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    by using target="_blank" after href
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed or if a user for some reason cannot view it
    15. How do I reference an id?
    by using #idname
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is for generic section of a document, div marks up a generic block
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling the HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    by using name of the element before brackets for example: h2{  }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    ID is unique, each element can have only one ID and each page can only have one element with that ID
    Class is not unique, we can use the same class on multiple elements and we can use multiple classes on the same element.
    for example: 
    <section class="exampleClass"> </section>
    now we can use exampleClass again anywhere we want to identify and element and use it in CSS file 
    on the other hand ID for example:
    <section id="uniqueId" </section>
    uniqueId can not be used for another section on that page
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    by using .className { }
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    by using .human { }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    child selector is used to match elements that are direct children of other elements,
    which is more precise when we want to style a specific element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    by using .sidebar a { }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a pseudo class is used to specifies a special state of an element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    by using line-height property and giving it a value
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    by using letter-spacing property and giving it a value
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    by using text-transform property and and giving it a value of: capitalize , or lowercase , or uppercase , (for all caps)
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    by selecting that div and adding the property of border:1px;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    universal selector for example:
    * { }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    by using /* comment goes here */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    it will show it on the upper line
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    by typing ls and pressing enter
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    by using the command git rm , we should be careful cause once its removed its gone forever
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    it wall track every change made on a project. its necessary for working in a team on a project
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 minutes or whenever needed
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
     git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1. fork on our personal github account
    2. add my TL as collaborator 
    3. copy the link for clone
    4. on terminal using command cd on where we want the files to be cloned
    5. then using the command git clone <link-to-repo> to compelete the clone
    6. cd into the newly created repo using the cd <repo-name> command
    7. then we use git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' command to create our own branch name for the repo
    8. now we can work on our assignment
    9. then we use add commit push technique to save our changes and use a message to our future self
    (git add .) (git commit -m "message goes here") (git push -u origin branch-name)
    10. now we can submit a pull request on github


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 



   --> 